[Music]
I spent thousands of hours with these
whales and hundreds of hours with this
family but I've never seen the world the
way they have well it's a part of the
world that we don't get to see very
often whether it's the sperm whale part
or not the ocean is very hard for us to
explore so to see what's whale sees is
going to be very exciting
[Music]
so the tag I think went off on fingers
which is fantastic she has a new calf
now named digit this unit is the group
of seven
we've spent hundreds of hours with them
thousands probably they're the most well
studied family of sperm whales in the
world there have been cameras that have
gone out on sperm whales before I
haven't seen a lot of the footage or
know how successful they are but this is
the first time that camera tag has gone
out on an animal that we know by name
that we know their family history and
the social relationships of the other
animals that hopefully we'll get to see
on camera
[Music]
[Applause]
it's amazing every time we do this we
stuck this on the back of a whale it
rode around for about 30 hours seeing
everything that she saw it popped off
and signaled us where to go and we found
something the size of a shoe and now we
get to bring it home and see what its
off
[Music]
well shave this is what we'd go back to
the sea it's very excited a little dog
called fighter but what we don't know is
what's inside the tension is palpable is
it dry
pink Sonia that's good that means the
tube he'll don't know this is gonna be
the most exciting part I mean we've
never had this perspective of what life
as a sperm whale is before ever
[Music]
you